---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortex_catalog_entity Resource - terraform-provider-cortex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Catalog Entity
---

# cortex_catalog_entity (Resource)

Catalog Entity



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Human-readable name for the entity
- `tag` (String) Unique identifier for the entity. Corresponds to the x-cortex-tag field in the entity descriptor.

### Optional

- `alerts` (Attributes List) List of alerts for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alerts))
- `apm` (Attributes) APM configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apm))
- `bug_snag` (Attributes) BugSnag configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bug_snag))
- `checkmarx` (Attributes) Checkmarx configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--checkmarx))
- `children` (Attributes List) List of child entities for the entity. Only used for entities of type `TEAM` or `DOMAIN`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--children))
- `ci_cd` (Attributes) CI/CD configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ci_cd))
- `coralogix` (Attributes) Coralogix configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--coralogix))
- `dashboards` (Attributes) Dashboards configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dashboards))
- `definition` (String) Set when the entity is a Resource. These are the properties defined by the Resource Definition, in JSON format in a string (use the `jsonencode` function to convert a JSON object to a string).
- `dependencies` (Attributes List) List of dependencies for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependencies))
- `description` (String) Description of the entity visible in the Service or Resource Catalog. Markdown is supported.
- `domain_parents` (Attributes List) List of parent domains for the entity. The list of parents can only be entities of type `DOMAIN`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domain_parents))
- `firehydrant` (Attributes) FireHydrant configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firehydrant))
- `git` (Attributes) Git configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git))
- `groups` (List of String) List of groups related to the entity.
- `ignore_metadata` (Boolean) Whether the entity's custom metadata is managed by Terraform. Defaults to `false`. If set to `true`, the provider will ignore any metadata on the Entity and not persist it to state.
- `issues` (Attributes) Issue tracking configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--issues))
- `k8s` (Attributes) Kubernetes configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--k8s))
- `launch_darkly` (Attributes) LaunchDarkly configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--launch_darkly))
- `links` (Attributes List) List of links related to the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `metadata` (String) Custom metadata for the entity, in JSON format in a string. (Use the `jsonencode` function to convert a JSON object to a string.)
- `microsoft_teams` (Attributes List) List of Microsoft Teams channels for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--microsoft_teams))
- `on_call` (Attributes) On-call configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--on_call))
- `owners` (Attributes List) List of owners for the entity. Owners can be users, groups, or Slack channels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owners))
- `rollbar` (Attributes) Rollbar configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rollbar))
- `sentry` (Attributes) Sentry configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sentry))
- `service_now` (Attributes) ServiceNow configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_now))
- `slack` (Attributes) Slack configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slack))
- `slos` (Attributes) Service-level Objectives configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slos))
- `snyk` (Attributes) Snyk configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snyk))
- `static_analysis` (Attributes) Static analysis configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_analysis))
- `team` (Attributes) Team configuration for the entity. Only used for entities of type `TEAM`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--team))
- `type` (String) Set when the entity is a Resource or Team. This must match a tag of a valid Resource Definition or be "team" or "domain".
- `wiz` (Attributes) Wiz configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wiz))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--alerts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerts`

Required:

- `tag` (String) Tag of the alert.
- `type` (String) Type of alert. Valid values are `opsgenie`

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value of the alert.


<a id="nestedatt--apm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apm`

Optional:

- `data_dog` (Attributes) DataDog configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apm--data_dog))
- `dynatrace` (Attributes) Dynatrace configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apm--dynatrace))
- `new_relic` (Attributes List) NewRelic configurations for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apm--new_relic))

<a id="nestedatt--apm--data_dog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apm.data_dog`

Optional:

- `monitors` (List of Number) List of DataDog monitors for the entity.


<a id="nestedatt--apm--dynatrace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apm.dynatrace`

Optional:

- `entity_ids` (List of String) List of Dynatrace entity IDs for the entity.
- `entity_name_matchers` (List of String) List of Dynatrace entity name matchers for the entity.


<a id="nestedatt--apm--new_relic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apm.new_relic`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) Alias for the service. Only used if opted into multi-account support in New Relic.
- `application_id` (Number) NewRelic application ID for the entity.



<a id="nestedatt--bug_snag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bug_snag`

Required:

- `project` (String) BugSnag project ID for the entity.


<a id="nestedatt--checkmarx"></a>
### Nested Schema for `checkmarx`

Optional:

- `projects` (Attributes List) List of Checkmarx projects for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--checkmarx--projects))

<a id="nestedatt--checkmarx--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `checkmarx.projects`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) Checkmarx project ID. Required if Name is not set.
- `name` (String) Checkmarx project name. Required if ID is not set.



<a id="nestedatt--children"></a>
### Nested Schema for `children`

Required:

- `tag` (String) Tag of the child entity.


<a id="nestedatt--ci_cd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ci_cd`

Optional:

- `buildkite` (Attributes) Buildkite CI/CD configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ci_cd--buildkite))

<a id="nestedatt--ci_cd--buildkite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ci_cd.buildkite`

Optional:

- `pipelines` (Attributes Set) Buildkite pipelines. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ci_cd--buildkite--pipelines))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Buildkite pipelines. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ci_cd--buildkite--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--ci_cd--buildkite--pipelines"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ci_cd.buildkite.pipelines`

Required:

- `slug` (String) Buildkite pipeline slug.


<a id="nestedatt--ci_cd--buildkite--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ci_cd.buildkite.tags`

Required:

- `tag` (String) Buildkite tag.




<a id="nestedatt--coralogix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `coralogix`

Optional:

- `applications` (Attributes List) List of Coralogix applications for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--coralogix--applications))

<a id="nestedatt--coralogix--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `coralogix.applications`

Required:

- `name` (String) Coralogix application Name.

Optional:

- `alias` (String) Alias is optional and only relevant if you have opted into multi account support.



<a id="nestedatt--dashboards"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dashboards`

Optional:

- `embeds` (Attributes List) List of dashboard embeds for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dashboards--embeds))

<a id="nestedatt--dashboards--embeds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dashboards.embeds`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of embed. Valid values are `grafana`, `datadog` or `newrelic`.
- `url` (String) URL of the embed.



<a id="nestedatt--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependencies`

Required:

- `tag` (String) Tag of the dependency.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the dependency.
- `metadata` (String) Custom metadata for the dependency, in JSON format in a string. (Use the `jsonencode` function to convert a JSON object to a string.)
- `method` (String) HTTP method if depending on a specific endpoint.
- `path` (String) The actual endpoint this dependency refers to.


<a id="nestedatt--domain_parents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain_parents`

Required:

- `tag` (String) Tag of the parent domain.


<a id="nestedatt--firehydrant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firehydrant`

Optional:

- `services` (Attributes List) List of FireHydrant services for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firehydrant--services))

<a id="nestedatt--firehydrant--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firehydrant.services`

Required:

- `id` (String) FireHydrant service identifier. Either the ID or the Slug, based on the value of Type below.
- `type` (String) FireHydrant service identifier type. Either `ID` or `SLUG`.



<a id="nestedatt--git"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git`

Optional:

- `azure` (Attributes) Azure configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git--azure))
- `bitbucket` (Attributes) BitBucket configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git--bitbucket))
- `github` (Attributes) GitHub configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git--github))
- `gitlab` (Attributes) GitLab configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git--gitlab))

<a id="nestedatt--git--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git.azure`

Required:

- `project` (String) Azure project for the entity.
- `repository` (String) Azure repository for the entity.

Optional:

- `base_path` (String) Base path if not /


<a id="nestedatt--git--bitbucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git.bitbucket`

Required:

- `repository` (String) BitBucket repository for the entity.


<a id="nestedatt--git--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git.github`

Required:

- `repository` (String) GitHub repository for the entity.

Optional:

- `base_path` (String) Base path if not /


<a id="nestedatt--git--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git.gitlab`

Required:

- `repository` (String) GitLab repository for the entity.

Optional:

- `base_path` (String) Base path if not /



<a id="nestedatt--issues"></a>
### Nested Schema for `issues`

Optional:

- `jira` (Attributes) Jira configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--issues--jira))

<a id="nestedatt--issues--jira"></a>
### Nested Schema for `issues.jira`

Optional:

- `components` (List of String) List of Jira components for the entity.
- `default_jql` (String) Default JQL to surface issues for the entity.
- `labels` (List of String) List of Jira labels for the entity.
- `projects` (List of String) List of Jira projects for the entity.



<a id="nestedatt--k8s"></a>
### Nested Schema for `k8s`

Optional:

- `argo_rollouts` (Attributes List) List of K8s argo rollout configurations for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--k8s--argo_rollouts))
- `cron_jobs` (Attributes List) List of K8s cron job configurations for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--k8s--cron_jobs))
- `deployments` (Attributes List) List of K8s deployment configurations for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--k8s--deployments))
- `stateful_sets` (Attributes List) List of K8s stateful set configurations for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--k8s--stateful_sets))

<a id="nestedatt--k8s--argo_rollouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `k8s.argo_rollouts`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) Argo Rollout identifier. `namespace/name` as found in Kubernetes.

Optional:

- `cluster` (String) Optional. Kubernetes cluster name.


<a id="nestedatt--k8s--cron_jobs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `k8s.cron_jobs`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) Cron Job identifier. `namespace/name` as found in Kubernetes.

Optional:

- `cluster` (String) Optional. Kubernetes cluster name.


<a id="nestedatt--k8s--deployments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `k8s.deployments`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) Deployment identifier. `namespace/name` as found in Kubernetes.

Optional:

- `cluster` (String) Optional. Kubernetes cluster name.


<a id="nestedatt--k8s--stateful_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `k8s.stateful_sets`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) Stateful Set identifier. `namespace/name` as found in Kubernetes.

Optional:

- `cluster` (String) Optional. Kubernetes cluster name.



<a id="nestedatt--launch_darkly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `launch_darkly`

Optional:

- `projects` (Attributes List) List of LaunchDarkly projects for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--launch_darkly--projects))

<a id="nestedatt--launch_darkly--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `launch_darkly.projects`

Required:

- `id` (String) LaunchDarkly project ID.
- `type` (String) Type of project identifier to use to map to the LaunchDarkly project. Valid values are `ID` or `KEY`.

Optional:

- `alias` (String) Alias is optional and only relevant if you have opted into multi-account support.
- `environments` (Attributes List) List of LaunchDarkly environments for the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--launch_darkly--projects--environments))

<a id="nestedatt--launch_darkly--projects--environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `launch_darkly.projects.environments`

Required:

- `name` (String) LaunchDarkly environment name.




<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the link.
- `type` (String) Type of the link. Valid values are `runbook`, `documentation`, `logs`, `dashboard`, `metrics`, `healthcheck`, `OPENAPI`, `ASYNC_API`.
- `url` (String) URL of the link.


<a id="nestedatt--microsoft_teams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `microsoft_teams`

Required:

- `name` (String) Exact match name of the channel.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the channel.
- `notifications_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the channel should receive notifications.


<a id="nestedatt--on_call"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_call`

Optional:

- `ops_genie` (Attributes) OpsGenie configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--on_call--ops_genie))
- `pager_duty` (Attributes) PagerDuty configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--on_call--pager_duty))
- `victor_ops` (Attributes) VictorOps configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--on_call--victor_ops))
- `xmatters` (Attributes) XMatters configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--on_call--xmatters))

<a id="nestedatt--on_call--ops_genie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_call.ops_genie`

Required:

- `id` (String) OpsGenie Schedule ID.
- `type` (String) Type. Valid values are `SCHEDULE`.


<a id="nestedatt--on_call--pager_duty"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_call.pager_duty`

Required:

- `id` (String) PagerDuty Service, Schedule, or Escalation Policy ID.
- `type` (String) Type. Valid values are `SERVICE`, `SCHEDULE`, or `ESCALATION_POLICY`.


<a id="nestedatt--on_call--victor_ops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_call.victor_ops`

Required:

- `id` (String) VictorOps Schedule ID.
- `type` (String) Type. Valid values are `SCHEDULE`.


<a id="nestedatt--on_call--xmatters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_call.xmatters`

Required:

- `id` (String) XMatters Group Name.
- `type` (String) Type. Valid values are `SERVICE`.



<a id="nestedatt--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owners`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of owner. Valid values are `EMAIL`, `GROUP`, `OKTA`, or `SLACK`.

Optional:

- `channel` (String) Channel of the owner. Only allowed if `type` is `slack`. Omit the #.
- `description` (String) Description of the owner. Optional.
- `email` (String) Email of the owner. Only allowed if `type` is `user`.
- `name` (String) Name of the owner. Only required for `user` or `group` types.
- `notifications_enabled` (Boolean) Whether Slack notifications are enabled for all owners of this service. Only allowed if `type` is `slack`.
- `provider` (String) Provider of the owner. Only allowed if `type` is `group`.


<a id="nestedatt--rollbar"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rollbar`

Required:

- `project` (String) Rollbar project ID for the entity.


<a id="nestedatt--sentry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sentry`

Required:

- `project` (String) Sentry project ID for the entity.


<a id="nestedatt--service_now"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_now`

Optional:

- `services` (Attributes List) List of ServiceNow services for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_now--services))

<a id="nestedatt--service_now--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_now.services`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) ServiceNow service ID.
- `table_name` (String) ServiceNow table name.



<a id="nestedatt--slack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slack`

Optional:

- `channels` (Attributes Set) List of Slack channels for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slack--channels))

<a id="nestedatt--slack--channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slack.channels`

Required:

- `name` (String) Slack channel name.

Optional:

- `notifications_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the slack channel should receive notifications.



<a id="nestedatt--slos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slos`

Optional:

- `data_dog` (Attributes List) DataDog SLO configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slos--data_dog))
- `dynatrace` (Attributes List) Dynatrace SLO configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slos--dynatrace))
- `lightstep` (Attributes) Lightstep SLO configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slos--lightstep))
- `prometheus` (Attributes List) Prometheus SLO configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slos--prometheus))
- `signal_fx` (Attributes List) SignalFx SLO configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slos--signal_fx))
- `sumo_logic` (Attributes List) SumoLogic SLO configuration for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slos--sumo_logic))

<a id="nestedatt--slos--data_dog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slos.data_dog`

Required:

- `id` (String) DataDog SLO ID.


<a id="nestedatt--slos--dynatrace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slos.dynatrace`

Required:

- `id` (String) Dynatrace SLO ID.


<a id="nestedatt--slos--lightstep"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slos.lightstep`

Optional:

- `streams` (Attributes List) List of Lightstep streams for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slos--lightstep--streams))

<a id="nestedatt--slos--lightstep--streams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slos.lightstep.streams`

Required:

- `stream_id` (String) Lightstep stream ID.

Optional:

- `targets` (Attributes) List of target latencies and error rates for the stream. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slos--lightstep--streams--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--slos--lightstep--streams--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slos.lightstep.streams.targets`

Optional:

- `latencies` (Attributes List) List of latency targets for the stream. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slos--lightstep--streams--targets--latencies))

<a id="nestedatt--slos--lightstep--streams--targets--latencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slos.lightstep.streams.targets.latencies`

Required:

- `percentile` (Number) Percentile latency for your given streamId, out of 1.
- `slo` (Number) SLO percentile, out of 1.
- `target` (Number) Target latency, in ms.





<a id="nestedatt--slos--prometheus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slos.prometheus`

Required:

- `error_query` (String) Query that indicates error events for your metric.
- `slo` (Number) Target number for SLO.
- `total_query` (String) Query that indicates all events to be considered for your metric.

Optional:

- `alias` (String) Ties the SLO registration to a Prometheus instance listed under Settings → Prometheus. The alias parameter is optional, but if not provided the SLO will use the default configuration under Settings → Prometheus.
- `name` (String) The SLO's name in Prometheus. The name parameter is optional.


<a id="nestedatt--slos--signal_fx"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slos.signal_fx`

Required:

- `lookback` (String) ISO-8601 duration `(P[n]Y[n]M[n]DT[n]H[n]M[n]S)`.
- `operation` (String) > / < / = / <=, >=.
- `query` (String) Elasticsearch query for your metric. Filter by metric with `sf_metric` and add additional dimensions to narrow the search. Queries resulting in multiple datasets will be rolled up according to `rollup`.
- `rollup` (String) SUM or AVERAGE.
- `target` (Number) Target number for SLO.


<a id="nestedatt--slos--sumo_logic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slos.sumo_logic`

Required:

- `id` (String) SumoLogic SLO ID.



<a id="nestedatt--snyk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snyk`

Optional:

- `projects` (Attributes List) List of Snyk projects for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snyk--projects))

<a id="nestedatt--snyk--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snyk.projects`

Required:

- `organization` (String) Snyk organization ID.
- `project_id` (String) Snyk project ID.
- `source` (String) Type of Snyk product. Valid values are `CODE` or `OPEN_SOURCE`.



<a id="nestedatt--static_analysis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_analysis`

Optional:

- `code_cov` (Attributes) Code coverage configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_analysis--code_cov))
- `mend` (Attributes) Mend static analysis configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_analysis--mend))
- `sonar_qube` (Attributes) SonarQube static analysis configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_analysis--sonar_qube))
- `veracode` (Attributes) Veracode static analysis configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_analysis--veracode))

<a id="nestedatt--static_analysis--code_cov"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_analysis.code_cov`

Required:

- `provider` (String) Git provider. One of: `GITHUB`, `GITLAB`, or `BITBUCKET`.
- `repository` (String) Git repository, in `organization/repository` format.

Optional:

- `flag` (String) Pulls from isolated & categorized coverage reports (optional).
- `owner` (String) Username from service provider (optional).


<a id="nestedatt--static_analysis--mend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_analysis.mend`

Optional:

- `application_ids` (List of String) Mend application IDs, found in the Mend SAST web interface.
- `project_ids` (List of String) Mend project IDs, found in the Mend SCA web interface.


<a id="nestedatt--static_analysis--sonar_qube"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_analysis.sonar_qube`

Required:

- `project` (String) SonarQube project key.

Optional:

- `alias` (String) Ties the SonarQube registration to a SonarQube instance listed under Settings → SonarQube. The alias parameter is optional, but if not provided the SonarQube registration will use the default configuration under Settings → SonarQube.


<a id="nestedatt--static_analysis--veracode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_analysis.veracode`

Optional:

- `application_names` (List of String) Veracode application names.
- `sandboxes` (Attributes List) Veracode sandboxes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_analysis--veracode--sandboxes))

<a id="nestedatt--static_analysis--veracode--sandboxes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_analysis.veracode.sandboxes`

Required:

- `application_name` (String) Veracode application name.
- `sandbox_name` (String) Veracode sandbox name.




<a id="nestedatt--team"></a>
### Nested Schema for `team`

Optional:

- `groups` (Attributes List) List of groups to derive team members from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--team--groups))
- `members` (Attributes List) List of additional team members for the team not derived from any groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--team--members))

<a id="nestedatt--team--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `team.groups`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the group.
- `provider` (String) Provider of the group.


<a id="nestedatt--team--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `team.members`

Required:

- `email` (String) Email address of the team member.
- `name` (String) Name of the team member.

Optional:

- `notifications_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the team member should receive notifications.
- `role` (String) Role of the team member. Optional.



<a id="nestedatt--wiz"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wiz`

Optional:

- `projects` (Attributes List) List of Wiz projects for the entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wiz--projects))

<a id="nestedatt--wiz--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wiz.projects`

Required:

- `project_id` (String) Wiz project ID.
