---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortex_scorecard Resource - terraform-provider-cortex"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Scorecard Entity
---

# cortex_scorecard (Resource)

Scorecard Entity



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ladder` (Attributes) Ladder of the scorecard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ladder))
- `name` (String) Name of the scorecard.
- `rules` (Attributes Set) Rules of the scorecard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `tag` (String) Unique identifier for the scorecard.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the scorecard.
- `draft` (Boolean) Whether the scorecard is a draft.
- `evaluation` (Attributes) Evaluation of the scorecard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluation))
- `filter` (Attributes) Filter of the scorecard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--ladder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ladder`

Required:

- `levels` (Attributes List) Levels of the scorecard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ladder--levels))

<a id="nestedatt--ladder--levels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ladder.levels`

Required:

- `color` (String) Color of the level.
- `name` (String) Name of the level.
- `rank` (Number) Rank of the level. 1 is the lowest.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the level.



<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `expression` (String) Expression of the rule.
- `level` (String) Level of the rule for the ladder.
- `title` (String) Title of the rule.
- `weight` (Number) Weight of the rule.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the rule.
- `failure_message` (String) Failure message of the rule.


<a id="nestedatt--evaluation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluation`

Optional:

- `window` (Number) In hours. By default, Scorecards are evaluated every 4 hours. If you would like to evaluate Scorecards less frequently, you can override the evaluation window. This can help with rate limits. Note that Scorecards cannot be evaluated more than once per 4 hours.


<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `groups` (Attributes) Filter by entity groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter--groups))
- `query` (String) A CQL query that is run against the filtered entities; only entities matching this query will be evaluated by the Scorecard.
- `types` (Attributes) Filter by entity types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter--types))

<a id="nestedatt--filter--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter.groups`

Optional:

- `exclude` (Set of String) Entity groups to exclude from the scorecard evaluation.
- `include` (Set of String) Entity groups to include in the scorecard evaluation.


<a id="nestedatt--filter--types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter.types`

Optional:

- `exclude` (Set of String) Entity types to exclude from the scorecard evaluation.
- `include` (Set of String) Entity types to include in the scorecard evaluation.
